

Once upon a time


There was a dragon, and a Dover Demon walking around Dover, Massachusetts.

There was also a group of Mokele-Mbembe but they had previously became extinct.
The dragon knew that sophistication could never achieved without first addressing his halitosis.
The dragon breathed his firey breath
The Dover Demon was terrorizing people with it's large head and tendril-like fingers. 
As the dust settled, he realized that the city of Wyndoughs was destroyed when he froze his adversaries.
Gliding over the city on his teratorn, Wilhelm Gaets, leader of Clan McRhosopht, ordered the Wyndoughs Defenders--a group of eight inflatable hedgehogs disguised as chupacabras--to terminate Agent Buckwald at any cost.
Then, Agent Buckwald the Wizard appeared and froze the dragon and Dover Demon.
To pass the time, the wizard decided to do some logic design, because he felt like he needed to further add to his insanity.
The wizard used all of his energy keeping them frozen, waiting until a worthy hero would rise up to slay them.
A noble hero stumbled upon the frozen foes and thought to himself, “If only I were 20 years younger, I could slay these here vermin and relive my days of glory!” 
Thunder rumbled, and one could almost hear someone whisper "Only GNU will protect you."Little did he know that Agent Buckwald the wizard had secretly been working on to form a Link to the Past. This project wasn't using the GPL public license, bringing anger to the wise wizard Richard M Stallman.The dragon knew that sophistication could never achieved without first addressing his halitosis.
The dragon breathed his firey breath.  Somehow the breath of the dragon caused some unrest in our hero, whoever that is.  Our hero was faced with a serious identity crisis 

The Dover Demon was terrorizing people with it's large head and tendril-like fingers. 
As the dust settled, he realized that the city of Wyndoughs was destroyed when he froze his adversaries.
Gliding over the city on his teratorn, Wilhelm Gaets, leader of Clan McRhosopht, ordered the Wyndoughs Defenders--a group of eight inflatable hedgehogs disguised as chupacabras--to terminate Agent Buckwald at any cost.
 The inflatable hedgehogs, disquised as chupacabras, unleashed their tiny claws of fury onto Agent Buckwald! Suddenly Clan McRhosopht's sworn enemies, The Ringo Samari (which resemble but are legally distinct from samurai) appeared, and Gaets was forced to temporarily turn his attention away from Buckwald. Then, Agent Buckwald the Wizard appeared and froze the dragon and Dover Demon.
To pass the time, the wizard decided to do some logic design, because he felt like he needed to further add to his insanity.

The wizard, satisfied with his insanity, began charging up his frost powers.The wizard used all of his energy keeping them frozen, waiting until a worthy hero would rise up to slay them.
Depleted of energy, and still no hero. The wizard drinks a powerful elixir called Mountain Dew, restoring all of his energy allowing him to keep foes frozen.
A noble hero stumbled upon the frozen foes and thought to himself, “If only I were 20 years younger, I could slay these here vermin and relive my days of glory!” 
Thunder rumbled, and one could almost hear someone whisper "Only GNU will protect you."Little did he know that Agent Buckwald the wizard had secretly been working on to form a Link to the Past. This project wasn't using the GPL public license, bringing anger to the wise wizard Richard M Stallman.A wild Tangela appears!


The noble hero, Zelda, and the wizard formed an allegiance and began work on a Temple of Time.
The reader soon realized that this was not a video game, but the story must continue....It was in this temple of time the two hoped they could send our noble hero in his green pointed hat back in time. 
Agent Buckwald the Wizard and Zelda worked hard on finding a way to send Zelda back 20 years to slay the dragon. 
While in the lab, Agent Buckwald noted 'You look familiar.... Isn't your name actually Link...?' Our hero was faced with a serious identity crisis 

Zelda replied...Uhh, I do not think you know what that word means.

"Think Bucky! Think... Don't be such a jackalope!", commanded Agent Buckwald as he demanded a solution from himself.Yet, Neville Longbottom is the hero to this story.
Agent Buckwald thought a while, and then he shocked...
 Zelda replied, 'Hell no.' Zelda then pulled out her laptop running Ubuntu, not Windows, Ubuntu, and showed Agent Buckwald a picture of Link.
Agent Buckwald looked embarressed and said 'never mind. Lets focus on the mission.' Agent Buckwald soon realized that it wasn't Link that he was dealing with, but it was the Sasquatch
 Sasquatch was really a member of the hairy humanoids.
Harry Potter is the chosen one.
Agent Buckwald thought a while, (For those who do not know, a jackalope is a large rabbit with antlers, but that's neither here nor there.) and then he shocked...
 The sinister Sasquatch had infiltrated the agency!  Zelda replied, 'Hell no.' Zelda then pulled out her laptop running Ubuntu, not Windows, Ubuntu, and showed Agent Buckwald a picture of Link.
Agent Buckwald looked embarressed and said 'never mind. Lets focus on the mission.' He pushed on, ignoring the fact that there was a trail of hair behind his partner.  Agent Buckwald soon realized that it wasn't Link that he was dealing with, but it was the Sasquatch
 Sasquatch was really a member of the hairy humanoids.
While Agent Buckwald thinking and Zelda staring at him, suddenly ninjas appeared in the place.the ninjas surrounded Agent Buckwald, Zelda and the Wizard. One of the ninjas asked, “Did you find a way to find the link ? or should we ask father google ?!” then they disappears. 

All of a sudden, a wild nessie appeared and decided to ruin this whole spiel and said, Why must you guys do this? I jus wan to be lef alone.
Sasquactch had a best fried who was a loveland frog. 
The loveland frog like to go on adventures with the Sasquatch.
They quickly needed to decide if the Sasquatch was friendly or a foe. As it turned out the Sasquatch was unfortunately viciously violent.
So Agent Buckwald decided to find the SasquatchThen a  Yeti stormed through the woods and crushed the campers.,unfortunately, the Sasquatch were having a fight with the Mothman which belonged to Winged Humanoids.
The Queensland Tiger became very good friends with the Loveland Frog.They spent 40 hrs a week doing HotYoga.
Agent Buckwald helped the Sasquatch to fight with the Mothman, Tiger and Frog also joined the battle. 
With the help of Buckwald and Animals,the Sasquatch won the battle. 
Randomly the nessie comes back and demands $3.50 in the background.
"One week later..." Buckwald and his pack of partially dismembered animals meet a Steakhouse.'I'm vegan' said the frog with his nose in the air. He gained over 9000 experience points!He gets not only 9000 experience point but also 10000 gold. 
And then he decided to buy a butterfly to beat other family members of Sasquatch 

Agent Buckwald really happy, and then find something really fun.
Linus Torvalds appeared from nowhere, wielding a huge hammer, and struck down the Yeti that had crushed the campers much earlier on.
he laughed loudly, and then he suddenly stopped.
The startled wizard just remembered that he had forgotten all about the frozen dragon and Dover demon! As the dragon and the Dover Demon are almost done thawing, the wizard sends out a distress call to the USS Enterprise.
 Suddenly, everything started to break.  Perhaps Old Yellow Top was the best choice to finally defeat the Dover Demon!” 
Out of nowhere, a giant Unicorn appeared and started dancing the Macarena.
The Tangela that previously appeared says 'Follow me into the rabbit hole 0.0' and runs off!
 But then everything ended happily. 
The end. 


